PATIENT:  [Patient Name]   		MEDICAL RECORD #: [Medical Record Number]
PHYSICIAN:  [Physician Name] 		ADMIT DATE:  [Month]-[Day]-[Year]
ACCOUNT #:  [Account Number]		DISCHARGE DATE: [Month]-[Day]-[Year]

This [Age]-year-old African-American female sent from the nursing home because of low blood sugar, found to be 36.  She was unconscious, had just arrived here after a stay down in [City], has gotten those records.  She had been admitted down there with acute-on-chronic renal failure stage V, schizophrenia, obesity, hypertension, hypothyroidism, type 2 diabetes, and acute disorientation.  The patient was found to have UTI at that time.  Apparently, she has been in the nursing home here before, has been managed at home, they have been having difficulty with her, especially due to her schizophrenia and diabetes.  Daughter says her sugars have been running mostly in the 100s, occasionally 200 at times, sometimes she does not eat and her blood sugars drop down.  She has been on glimepiride 2 mg b.i.d. at home.  Of note that she is on Lovenox 30 mg subcu daily, I do not have an indication for it.  Med list has been reviewed.  Shortly after arrival in our [Department], blood sugar was up to over 100, I think 120 in [Department] and was admitted to observation.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:
GENERAL:  On exam, pleasant lady, confused but not misbehaving and talkative and cooperative.
VITAL SIGNS:  Stable.
HEENT:  Atraumatic.  Negative.
HEART:  Regular rate and rhythm.
LUNGS:  Clear.
ABDOMEN:  Soft and nontender.
EXTREMITIES:  Normal.
NEUROLOGIC:  No focal neuro deficits.
 
IMPRESSION/PLAN:  Hypoglycemia, type 2 diabetes on sulfonylurea, anemic with an H and H of 9 and 26, MCV 81, stage V chronic kidney disease with a creatinine of 3.62.  We are going to proceed with IV fluids.  We will monitor her sugars, obviously holding the sulphonyl urea, may use sliding scale if needed.  I am going to let that glimepiride wash out of her system.
